okay continue my GLA versus Avengers
we're about Green Lantern versus Iron
Man now I'm gonna go a Tony Stark Iron
Man vs. Hal Jordan Green Lantern depend
on the Green Lantern your pet you can
entirely change the scenario of things
in for a while
Jimmy Rhodes was the wasn't the Iron Man
suit so we're going Tony Stark
versus Hal Jordan as always I use a nine
point system intelligence fine ability
strength speed durability for stamina
special generation invulnerability
energy projection versatility and
extract remember that bizarre thing that
curtain previous ate sugar endless
intelligence billionaire technological
genius test pilot test pilots are
actually very intelligent people however
he's taking on an absolute genius in
Tony Stark one of the smartest men in
the Marvel Universe me she designs
armors that can do anything that's gonna
give a Ironman an advantage fighting
ability you've got a billionaire playboy
who've been used as suit who doesn't
need to have Torres modify connect
laments versus again somebody who is Air
Force test pilot you're doing any sort
of military you've got a decent amount
of training so I'll get the fighting
edge actually to to Hal Jordan strength
while it is true you can use the ring to
augment your screen
Tony's armors is going to make them
stronger of the get go speed green eyes
are drinking me can go as fast as flash
so he can't have direct just flat-out
bad tasks build some speed we don't
really see that out of $20 $20 would
have a better ability when it comes to
the processing information because the
computers he has in this suits however
in straight-out speed now they've
related a hit a higher speed and we get
at the Green Lantern now we are down to
durability how low can you recover the
real Anton ring does give the aware some
sort of agenda of abilities you know
house had broken arms and the rain will
begin to slowly repair that I haven't
really seen Tony's armor begin the
process of actually repairing itself or
repairing him it might have done in some
cases I know his armor I won't would
have had lots of nanites to it so he
actually could repair itself but if the
armors damaged Tony's occupy repair
itself if Tony's damaged that's the most
extremist you know Tony's not be halo
parasol based on his armor he'll sell
humor regeneration
I'll give the edge and the durability to
Green Lantern
invulnerability yeah Hal's got a
fantastic energy shield but he still
takes some physical abuse throughout the
whole process but it still s human level
durability first it's a fantastic stood
apart that can take a ridiculous beating
sown overall I really like you have a
energy field
you know how still gets hurt versus a
suit made of armor right now there's a
giant armored suit that also has you
know small amounts of shielding to it as
well
around on the last three energy
projection the versatility and x-factor
energy projection is just the raw amount
of energy you can produce an ironic I'm
gonna give that to hell I think that
house ring is the most powerful man in
the universe you know if he can think
about enforcer and the third will into
it he's going to push and makes me
gigantic out of it
versatility Iron Man's armor its
whatever he thought of while he was
making it house versatility comes from
whatever he can think of while he's in
the process of having a fight so one is
how much practice you put into it the
other one is how old do you think on
your feet how does it Tyler I think on
your feet sober guy someone palaver sir
til atte answers because of what the
ring can actually do so hard on the
x-factor
I'll get the X Factor edge to two
Ironman Ironman might have some little
different contingencies built into his
armor itself he's gonna definitely get
her a run for his money if this fight
can get him pretty close he might have
some sort of if he knows anything in
fancy medicines for a toxin that might
help either lower willpower or create
some sort of other visual distractions
that might be enough to knock him off
his game
but so I could see there being enough
that Tony Stark to have in the way of
different random things that he might
have thought of but then the day Green
Lantern Bursar's Ironman this is a
regular Ironman suit not Hulkbuster not
you know flying into space suit not the
nanotube suit is using the fight magneto
on the men universes x-men this is just
the regular straight-up
Ironman suit I think Greenland has got
just enough of an edge to more than
likely put Ironman down